and crossing the coast and this happened in
the day yesterday in san bernardo with and
as well
of pretty women
fashionable also because in the afternoon
exercise out this parade that are
watching you with the models
leandro light alejandra more evidence and
our producer every time he appears
of brave sandra with joy you are
moving away in the usa
I hope your wife is not well
good alejandra benítez there
agree among all the pretty women
what they were doing in san bernardo
they wore the trends in bikini
as well
to go to the beach dress wakes up
also there was melina pitra
who was in charge of driving
next to Marc Anthony a lot of people that
I used to make this san bernardo parador
then to enjoy these goddesses
of the summer as well says our
graphic also for the case of for
internalize about the fashion that is
uses
during that inner range yes good
you have to move
for it
julia from public
in this incredible pass of co2 everything
is constantly
besides fire the natural soco river
s
but the girls are denouncing
it was amazing
because with the underwear is your
preferred melina
red red fire passion to see for I want
ask him
what is your underwear color
Favourite
with a panties those graciela
alfano
but it varied
but that is and it is
school children
and for this right now
the body is on the bad
in terms of discounts you just have to
work for that you want and for
change
never
this is genetic nothing
he asserted